# CSCI5525Fall2020Project

### Datasets:
	A number of different datasets were created for this project.  For the original progress report, the 2020_US_Region_Mobility_Report.csv, United_States_COVID-19_Cases_and_Deaths_by_State_over_Time.csv, and SCPRC-EST2019-18+POP-RES.csv were used by create_dataset.py.  The case numbers from the CDC dataset was matched by state and date with the mobility data from Google.  The third dataset is used to get state populations in order to normalize the number of cases by the 100,000 people per state.  This originally created the COVID-19_Combined_Mobility_And_Infection_Data_Moving_Avg.csv, and the COVID-19_Combined_Mobility_And_Infection_Data.csv.  Only the moving average dataset ended up being utilized.  For the final report, the CDC data and Google Mobility data were redownloaded, as they now included additional data.  These are named the 2020_US_Region_Mobility_Report_dec.csv, United_States_COVID-19_Cases_and_Deaths_by_State_over_Time_dec.csv.  create_dataset.py was again utilized with the new datasets, building COVID-19_Combined_Mobility_And_Infection_Data_Moving_Avg_updated.csv, and the COVID-19_Combined_Mobility_And_Infection_Data_updated.csv.  These datasets had some missing data, and were thus updated to replace the missing data.  As the moving average dataset is the only one utilized in our models, that was the only one filled in to save time.  Finally, COVID-19_Combined_Mobility_And_Infection_Data_Moving_Avg_updated_test_mode.csv is the updated dataset with the missing features filled with the mode of that feature, and COVID-19_Combined_Mobility_And_Infection_Data_Moving_Avg_updated_lin_int.csv is the updated dataset with the missing features filled using linear interpolation.
